Hello gosh in this video we will learn how to use this information let us fill the post method which
is here.
So we want to do is you want to check your booty again.
And then
on the next
one
it
is pretty straightforward.
We're passing jailable teams to work to check what the token does exist or not so that we can use requests
data coded that we check all the fields like name email and password to see whether they are empty or
not.
If not empty they will want to sell it to the new value.
Finally we want to save the object and then response.
Jason Dieter that's it to go ahead and test it good here and change this to posts and then go to body
and then change here and let's change our names.
Who are on.
That's it just shame on me and let's go ahead and post this nugget response
syntax error.
OK.
The real reason why.
Because I forgot to add a rule here.
Save this go back to Boseman.
Check the first of these good send it again and successfully edit to your profile to change to get.
And let's get it and see what the name change or change change name from Mr. EBC to arsh Ohio.
So go ahead and change our dead body.
Rush.
Posted again.
Successfully edit your profile.
She again and said and once one time the email changed from EVC at ABC to come to our usch at G-mail
dot com.
Amazing it works in this video.
We learn how to use this information in the next video.
We will create another API which will be to get and post the user's address.
I'll see you guys in the next few.